chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrviewerpose/index.md

Passing each `view` to {{domxref("XRWebGLLayer.getViewport", "getViewport()")}} returns the WebGL viewport to apply in order to cause the rendered
output to be positioned correctly in the framebuffer for rendering to the corresponding eye on the output device.

> This code is derived from the section [Drawing a frame](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API/Movement_and_motion#drawing_a_frame).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code is derived from [Drawing a frame](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API/Movement_and_motion#drawing_a_frame) in our "Movement and motion" WebXR example.
```

> This code is derived from [WebXR Device API, Drawing a frame](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API/Movement_and_motion#drawing_a_frame).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code is derived from the section [Drawing a frame](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API/Movement_and_motion#drawing_a_frame).
```
